if you find yourself in difficult situation, that wasn't your fault of
the year there. There's not much you can do but just kind of roll with
a roll with it, Um, that that's not an abnormal situation, not necessarily
of failures. But, uh, things are more difficult than maybe
they should be. But the reality of situation is, if there's nothing
you could d'oh, there's nothing. There's nothing at that particular
time. Then you just have to deal with this situation, and perhaps
you can make it better as you deal with it. Maybe you can institute
things that would prevent you from prevent people from getting to that
situation further down the line. It might not be something specific
you can do to fix it right then, but maybe you should focus on what
you can do to prevent that from happening again.